c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\WebApplication9.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\WebApplication9.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\WebApplication9.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\obj\Debug\WebApplication9.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\obj\Debug\WebApplication9.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication9\WebApplication9\obj\Debug\WebApplication9.pdb
